v2.4.2
This is a bug fix release. It is now possible to save projects that use column 14 from the table, and the saved project includes the parentage that you've set up.
No projects saved with an earlier version can be loaded into this version.

v2.4.1
This version is a bug fix release which gets the Save Project action to save data in a format that can be read properly by Load Project.

v2.4
The internal warnings and critical messages are now reported in an error window - e.g. when a source data cell doesn't match a known value for tag, then this is reported in the error window.
It is also now possible to configure a field to fill in the annotation for an asset snippet type without requiring you to also configure a field for that actual asset type (e.g. picture or smart image).

v2.3
When reading an Excel spreadsheet, the default cell formatting is used as a starting point when trying to determine what formatting should be applied to text within each cell.

v2.2
Annotations will now be produced on all snippet types (except multi-line and labeled text types).
Numeric fields will now be checked that they contain only characters allowed in numbers.

v2.1
When generating aliases, the tool now checks that the name of the alias does not match either the topic title or an alias within the same topic.
A warning is displayed, and the alias is not added to the RWexport file.
(This prevents a crash of Realm Works during import.)

v2.0
GM Directions can now be generated from the import data.
The tool is now a 64-bit tool (and uses the latest Qt 5.12.0).
The tool has been renamed to RWImporter since it handles more than only CSV files.

v1.49
This fixes a bug (introduced in 1.45) where a topic was being created more than once under different parents, where the name of parent is a shorter version of another parent.

v1.48
An error dialog will be displayed if the same ROW of the source data would generate more than one topic in the output file. An output file will still be generated, but Realm Works will fail to import the file.
A restriction was added when implementing relationships (in 1.46) which meant that each ROW of the source data can only generic one topic in the output file (otherwise it would be impossible to know with which of multiple topics a relationship was being created.)

v1.47
Remove Minion_To_Master and Offspring_To_Parent relationships, since they are ignored by Realm Works on import.
Create one relationship for each match between the KEY field and the SEARCH column.
Add placeholder text to the relationship field boxes.

v1.46
This version introduces relationships. This allows you to specify a particular column of the table which will contain a value that can be linked to another row of the table.
(Note: old saved projects will not load into this version.)
The names of the relationships are currently based on the actual relationship which will be put into the XML file, rather than the "human friendly" names which are used inside Realm Works.
There are two fields which need to be filled in with a column. The first field identifies which column in the current row provides a search value. The second field identifies the column which will be searched (across the entire dataset) for a matching value - if a row is found, then a relationship will be created to that other topic.
(Note that if you are using selective parents and don't the other topic doesn't end up in the output file, then RW will generate an error during import.)

v1.45
Don't try to treat a parent topic title as a regular expression. It will now be treated as a fixed string, so "special" characters can now be used in topic titles (such as parentheses).

v1.44
All categories are now shown in the category drop-down list (sub-categories were previously being skipped).
It is now possible to set attributes on the public name of the topic/article (e.g. auto-accept, case-matching, match-priority and show-in-nav-pane).
The name of the case-matching has been shortened from "Auto Correct" to "Correct" to make the field shorter.

v1.43
This fixes a bug where a blank element was being put into the contents section when an "overlay" was present in the topic's definition in the structure.

v1.42 (the Meaning of Life edition)
This fixes a bug in that the reveal button on "other" names was set to be exclusive across all names. This is no longer the case.

v1.41
This version simply presents Tag_Standard snippets the same way as Hybrid_Tag snippets, in that a CSV column can be assigned to choose the corresponding domain tag for the field.

v1.40.1
A bug-fix release so that Realm Works doesn't crash when importing a file generated from an XLSX file containing multiple paragraphs in a single cell. (Multiple paragraphs are separated by blank lines in the cell.)

v1.40
Fix XLSX file reading so that "<" are copied to Realm Works properly, as are cells which contain only HTML.

v1.39
If you have BOLD, ITALIC, UNDERLINE and/or STRIKE-THROUGH in your XLSX files, then this formatting will be imported into Realm Works.

v1.38
Provide the option to read XLSX files as an alternative to CSV files.

v1.37
You can now save your current project, and load it back later.
The names of the CSV and RWEXPORT files are saved as part of the project.
Your mappings within the categories is also saved (although if no field is mapped to the topic's name, then that category won't get saved).

v1.36
Fixes a bug where the import would fail if the category has child sub-categories (e.g. the "Location" category has "Settlement" and "Adventure Area" sub-categories; so any attempt to create "Location" topics would fail).

v1.35
Fixes a bug where the import would fail if the category definition has sub-sections within sections.

v1.34
It is now possible to create multiple content snippets in the main body of a section.
Individual snippets can't be duplicated, but the general "contents" snippet of the section can now generate multiple snippets.

v1.33
Allow a section to be marked as starting in the "collapsed" state.
Allow a CSV column to be used as the name of a section within a topic.
Allow a set of CSV columns to be used to create multiple sections within a topic.
See http://forums.wolflair.com/showpost....&postcount=295 for more details on how to use this functionality.

v1.32
A small update to add a menu option to choose what to use for the field separator in the CSV file. You can choose from comma, semi-colon, or the windows list separator.

v1.31
The default separator in CSV files is now read from the Windows Regional Settings (the "list separator").
If you don't want to use your language's default list separator, it can be changed by opening windows Settings (windows 10) and finding the "Region & Language" section. Click on the "Administrative language settings" under "related settings". Go to the "Formats" tab, and click "Additional Settings...". Here you will see "List separator:" where you can change the default separator.

v1.30
You can now define more than one category to be exported from the tool (e.g. spells and items).
Each category definition can have its own set of parents.
The new "key" icon in the title of the category allows you to specify which rows in the CSV table should be displayed in this category (based on a column having a specific "key" value in it).
Note that separate parents are created for each category, so for example it isn't possible to create some spells and some items and have them appear under the same parent topic/article in Realm Works.

v1.29
The same category can now be chosen for each level of parents.
In theory (untested), you could even select the same category that you've chosen for the main topics.
This removes the previous restriction that all parents had to be using a different category.

v1.28
For each snippet, it is now also possible to set the Veracity of that snippet (True, Partially True, Untrue).
The selection of snippet style has been merged into the new Options menu.

v1.27
Adds support for numeric snippets.

v1.26
The "Import Name" text box has been replaced with a button to open a File Details dialog in which the import name, as well as other details, can be entered.

v1.25
Individual "<" are now treated properly so that they don't cause an error on import.
However, any field which starts with "<" and finishes with ">" is left unchanged, since it is assumed to be HTML that you wish to have imported directly.

v1.24
Don't include "overlay" elements in the generated RWexport file.
(There is no v1.23)

v1.22
You can now enter the name of the RW import before generating the output file.
The installer has been changed from QTIF to NSIS.

v1.21
Add a method of setting the Snippet Style on every snippet.

v1.20
A hierarchy of parents can be created, although each level of parent must use a different type of category.

v1.19
When defining a parent category, a column can be dragged across to define the parent in which case one parent will be created for each unique string in the indicated column of the CSV, and it will be a parent to only those topics which have
the same string in that particular CSV column.

v1.18
Allow a True Name and some "Other Names" to be entered from CSV columns.

v1.17
When reading an image from a network URL, attempt to handle HTTP redirect requests properly.

v1.16
Allow a URL to be used as an alternative to a local file for the external object loading introduced in v1.11
Disable GENERATE button while the export is being generated.

v1.14
Detect URLs in the middle of blocks of text being imported and encode them so that they appear as links inside RealmWorks.

v1.12
Fix a small bug in the CSV reader so that a " at the end of a line is handled properly.

v1.11
Need to load HeroLab portfolio files for all your favourite NPCs?
Extend the file loading to include the following snippet types: Portfolio, Statblock, Rich_Text, PDF, Audio, Video, HTML, Foreign.

v1.10
Picture and Smart Images can have their picture loaded based on the filename being in a cell of the CSV.
The named file is loaded during the GENERATE process.

v1.9
When importing CSV files, line breaks inside quoted cell values are now supported.
Blank lines in quoted blocks are treated as paragraph breaks for Label_Text and Multi_Line fields.

v1.8
This release fixes an issue where the RWEXPORT file would contain one or more blank topics if the original Realm Works structure file contains a category defined as a child of another category. (E.g. Location in the basic Pathfinder category structure).

v1.7
Small update that ignores blank lines in the CSV file so that a valid XML file is always generated.

v1.6
Ensure "Realm Works" is displayed with the registered trademark symbol in all places.
Improve the tool-tips.
Remember the last used directory for each of the file selector dialogs.
Allow multi-line text in snippets which are supposed to allow multiple lines.

v1.5
This release allows you to type in some free text into a snippet, or choose a tag for a choice field, instead of having CSV data appear in the field.
You can't mix CSV data and free text in the same snippet (yet) though.
It also fixes a bug where sometimes a partition in the structure part of the XML file would wrongly get text attached to it.

v1.4
The entire topic, as well as the optional containing topic, can now be marked as REVEALED to players (using the circular button to the left of topic name).
This updates the existing functionality where individual snippets could be marked as revealed.

v1.3.1
A minor update to add validation to the new optional parent. You must enter a name, and you must choose a different category for the parent to the one chosen for the CSV data.

v1.3
Provide the option to have all imported topics/articles placed under a single parent category.

v1.2
The installer now adds the application to the Start Menu.
Fixed a bug with the layout of elements when there was a blank snippet in the template.

v1.1
Name of the topic/article is now mandatory.
In tag snippets, the annotation is correctly placed before the tag_assign.
Installer files are now part of the software sources on github.
Empty cells in the CSV now don't provide the corresponding snippet (previously it put an empty string into the snippet).
Prevent crash if the CSV had less entries in a data row than was in the header row.
Remove the "gm_only" button since it isn't the way that Realm Works® does thing.

v1.0.0
The top drop-down menu does nothing.
